# Status Update - 2024 August 13
(https://shaostoul.com/blog/status-update-2024-august-13/ | 2024-08-13T22:18:29)

Health wise I've been bedridden off and on since May 2016, probably about 80% of the time. I was doing pretty well this year, but on July 20th I celebrated my lil bro's 31st birthday and apparently partied a little too hard and have been bleeding since. As of today I'm nearly healed thanks to spending a minimal amount of time on my computer, mindful of my diet, and some exercise, but this makes game/web dev slow. I'm hoping the bleeding stops within the next week or two, then the pain from that healing should take about another 2 weeks. I'm presently spending about 2-4 hours on my computer, stopping when I start hurting too much.

Web development wise I've been learning how to use Linux, PuTTY (SSH), FileZilla (FTP), and programming in HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript. I'm learning as I'm figuring out how to structure the website for educational material, accessing the game, and so forth in a user friendly manner; setting up Discourse on discourse.shaostoul.com as social media alternative in case Discord and other third services become inaccessible; getting docs.shaostoul.com setup using Github as means of updating Obsidian documentation.

Game development wise we're figuring out how to move forward with Unreal 5 instead of Unity as the game engine. What sparked the shift was Unity policy changes and what's kept momentum towards Unreal is the wealth of incredibly powerful tools and graphics capability. There's some truly awesome world building tools for Unreal that seem too good to pass up.

Beyond the digital world I spend every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday volunteering at the non-profit Sponsor-A-Can cleaning up Silverdale, WA and helping whoever we can while we're out driving around town. Every day I'm doing what I can to help my parents with their home such as cleaning and maintenance, playing with my dog Zeus, exercising, and various other things throughout the day. My health prevents me from doing too much, but I'm getting a better handle on what I can do without hurting myself.

I'm sorry I'm terrible at these status updates and making progress. I'm struggling with life and trying to make the most of what limited energy I have. Everything together has been quite overwhelming and am incredibly appreciative of my down time away from the computer and working on stuff as it seems to be the only time I can actually heal. With the intestinal bleeding I'm incredibly fatigued. Even waking up and staying up throughout the day proves to be quite the challenge. I'm trying to do better. Thank you everyone supporting me despite meager progress and content.
