# Fam
(https://shaostoul.com/fam/ | 2023-06-06T23:12:42)

The Simple Truth

									All of us are family whether we like it or not. At the bare minimum each of us are genetically related as homo sapiens for the last million years.  Even further down the rabbit hole you'll find we share DNA with most life on Earth. Technically we're related to everything in the universe as star dust.
Project Universe becomes increasingly real as hours, days, years, decades are spent developing. Creating a video game capable of teaching everyone everything is an unfathomably difficult task made infinitely easier the more of us voluntarily working together to sculpt this masterpiece.

					Local Community

									Locally where I live in Silverdale, WA, USA I have my mom, dad, big bro, lil bro, lil bro's girlfriend, her family, and many friends who support me and Project Universe. Through the my big bro's non-profit Sponsor-A-Can I'm connecting with more people in government.

					Online Community

									Locally where I live in Silverdale, WA, USA I have my mom, dad, big bro, lil bro, and lil bro's girlfriend who support me and Project Universe's insanity. From there we have thousands of nerds on various social media platforms including:

									Discord

									Discord is the place to be if you want to aid in Project Universe's video game development. Game developers, beta testers, lurkers, and all other types of contributors are welcome here. You're always welcome to message me @Shaostoul any time of day, no need to ask permission. There are 400 people on the Discord server.

									X / Twitter

									I'm using X as my primary social media platform for public outreach as I have more faith in it being pro-free speech than others.

									Facebook

									Facebook's an incredibly powerful platform, but based on their actions they seem to care more about money than humanity's well-being. I have an account, because most of my family/friends are on the platform, but I desire to spend as little time on it as possible.

									Instagram

									Instagram has consistently functioned as a mid tier platform for sharing pictures and video. The user interface has always been frustrating to use driving my desire to spend as little time on the platform as possible.

									Threads

									Threads is essentially Meta's version of X.

									Gab

									I don't use this platform enough to have an opinion.

									Indeed

									I don't use this platform enough to have an opinion.

									Reddit

									I don't use this platform enough to have an opinion.

									Discourse

									Self-hosted free open source forum software in development by the Discourse team; more information on their website. While our Discourse isn't operational yet, this is a first-party way of guaranteeing we remain connected when third-party options fail.
